Make `SpatialQueryPlugin` configurable (#970)
Jondolf/avian: migration-guides/0.6-to-main.md

See [migration-guides/README.md](./README.md) and existing entries for information about Avian's
migration guide process and what to put here.

## `SpatialQueryPlugin` schedule now can be configured

> Similar to other plugins, it now stores a schedule label and affected by the label passed into `PhysicsPlugin::new`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## `SpatialQueryPlugin` schedule is configurable

Similar to many other plugins, the `SpatialQueryPlugin` now stores a schedule label,
which by default is also passed via `PhysicsPlugins::new`.
```
